[MISC] Add definition of done on feature request. (#1563)
seqan/seqan3: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/feature_request.md

    see the [contributor guide](https://github.com/seqan/seqan3/pull/CONTRIBUTING.md).
  * The feature request is invalid and will be closed.
-->

### Done

- [ ] Implementation and design approved
- [ ] Unit tests pass

> - [ ] Test coverage > 97%

Reviewer: Why only 97?
Since we can exclude "unreachable" code (e.g. malloc throws), there isn't really a reason we shouldn't strive for 100%?

Author: Yes, we could have 100%, but not in all cases. There are special cases with the SIMD tests and SIMD alignment tests which cannot reach 100% as long as vectorised test infrastructure is not incorporated. Thus, marking the code unreachable is wrong and error prone since it is easy to forget that the things need to be removed once the infrastructure is added. As an alternative we could make 100% and only in the exceptional case where we know we can reach 100% but not yet, we allow a lower threshold. I just want to avoid as many exceptions as possible since it is important to adhere to the DoD.

Reviewer: Well, then let's do 100% and allow a lower threshold for SIMD...

> - [ ] Micro benchmarks implemented

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Microbenchmarks implemented
```

- [ ] API documentation added
- [ ] Tutorial/teaching material added

> - [ ] Macro benchmark with <= 10 % performance difference to SeqAn2 (if applicable)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Macrobenchmark with <= 10 % performance difference to SeqAn2 (if applicable)
```

> - [ ] Tests compile in less than 30 seconds

Reviewer: On what machine? :) Also the Debug tests or only in Release?

Author: Well, ok we can specify a mode Debug/Release. The question would be what does @seqan/core think about 30 seconds. Is it too much or too low?

Author: > On what machine? :) 

Your desktop/laptop computer for a single test case. I guess the differences between the CPUs aren't that big between the developers in the team. But if required we might find a minimum CPU spec and use that. But these things should not become to complicated, otherwise they will be useless if the team starts to ignore them.
